Following a change in Jackie Jr.'s behavior, Meadow begins to suspect he is cheating on her. Her suspicions are confirmed when she catches him with another girl. 
Heartbroken, she tells him they are finished.
Gloria and Tony's relationship is growing increasingly unstable and the two frequently argue, though they always reconcile. 
Tony tells Dr. Melfi that he is seeing Gloria. In the first session, he speaks of how happy they are together; in the second he complains of her changing moods. 
Melfi says Gloria is depressive, unstable, and impossible to please, asking Tony if that reminds him of anyone (implying his mother).Tony shakes his head.
Tony instructs Paulie to make a collection from Valery, a Russian, on behalf of Silvio, who is ill. 
He goes with Christopher to Valery's apartment. Paulie provokes Valery and starts a fight.
Following a struggle Paulie and Christopher manage to subdue Valery and believe they have killed him. 
Panicked, Paulie suggests that they dump him in the Pine Barrens.
In the snow-covered woods, Paulie and Chris prepare to dump the body but find that Valery, who is revealed to be a trained commando, is still alive. 
They give him a shovel and instruct him to dig his own grave. While both are distracted, Valery hits them with the shovel and flees. 
They chase him, shooting wildly, with Paulie believing that he has hit him. They follow his track, but it ends: Valery has vanished.
After wandering in the woods trying to find their car, Paulie and Chris realize they are lost. Long after nightfall, faint with cold and hunger, they find an abandoned van where they take refuge. They blame each other for what has happened and the two fight before agreeing to stay together. 
In the middle of the night, Paulie manages to call Tony despite poor cell service and pleads for help. Tony drives out with Bobby, an amateur outdoorsman. 
They reach the parking spot but Paulie's car, containing the money from Valery, has vanished. 
They wait until dawn to look for Paulie and Chris and eventually find them.
Paulie gives a false version of what caused the fight with Valery, and Chris backs him up. 
Tony stresses to Paulie that if Valery ever turns up again, Paulie will have to take care of it. They head back to north Jersey in silence.

